Once those first semester midterm grades come
out, reality sort of sticks in. So the pendulum
starts to swing back. Say, wait a minute, I'm
spending too much time over here doing all this
other stuff that's not going to have any bearing on
my life really at all. I mean, it will, but not as
much. I better start putting my time in some books.
So I stuck for the next three months. I worked real
hard, managed to bring it up to about a C average I
think at the end of the first semester. Then I got
into the Texas Maritime business and that really,
my life changed. Let's give us a break. Let's back
up a little though. Fall semester, going to first
football games. What was that like? Oh, that was
awesome. The march in, I still get choked up when
the flag comes by. I love parades. I still think
that the Corps cadets at Texas A&M have the best
drill of any place in the world. As a matter of fact,
the Corps really reminds me, now that I've spent 32
years in the Naval service and have dealt a lot with
the Marines, my son-in-law is a Marine captain,
that it's an awful lot like the Marine Corps. The
camaraderie, the, you know, just the appearance
and the way we march. If you look at any, all the
academies, if you look at them when they come
marching in, there's just no comparison in Texas
A&M, none whatsoever. Did you and your buddies as
fish, did you all try any good bull at games? I'm
trying to think. You know, we were pretty
straight, I think. I don't recall, you know, we
were always, you know, we'd have beer and that kind
of stuff, but, you know, we'd have dates, you know,
but I don't recall. Did you have dates as a
freshman? Not here at the campus, but, you know,
when we'd go to march-ins and things, there was
always a guy that was from that part of the town,
and, you know, he'd introduce us to some gals, and,
you know, they always liked to see guys in
uniforms. That was still kind of popular. So I can
remember... remember doing that. We had a guy
named Jerry Buttrell was my executive officer in
E2 and his sister was about my age. I remember going
to Beaumont and visiting her. So it was fun
fulfilled. I do recall though some other stuff.
Sonny Cantanzaro had a, I want to say he had a Chevy,
like a 56, 57 Chevy. And he was from Beaumont and
just a wonderful guy. And I think he was the only one
in our group that had a car. And so we'd get in his car
and we'd manage to, I'm really telling stories
here, we'd manage to get his ID or my ID or
somebody's ID where you could move some numbers
around, glue them back on, and it looked like you
were 21. So we'd go out and buy those big bottles of
beer, Pearl I think it was in those days. And I can
remember going out here to, towards Navasota
someplace, and we'd just pull off the side of the
road and jump on the fence post there and sit there
and drink that beer and tell stories and stuff. And
there would be guys about every four or five miles
doing that. Well, we were sitting there, we
weren't, you know, we were not throwing the
bottles around or anything, but evidently
another crowd up the road was throwing bottles and
the sheriff showed up, thought we were the ones
doing it. And I can remember running out into the
woods, hiding in a thistle, the guys walking
around with the flashlight, He had the car, but he
didn't have us. And, you know, he didn't do
anything with the car. It was the dirtiest thing
I've ever seen. I guess he didn't have a problem
with cars or whatever. And we managed to get back
and said, well, we've got to not do that again. So we
started going out here to the Brazos and drinking.
That was our little place. I remember jumping off
the sand cliffs out there and that kind of stuff. At
the football games, were the sophomores smoking
cigars in those years? No, not that I recall. See,
in other years, Big deal was sophomores smoked
lots of cigars and blew the smoke in the freshman's
face. I don't recall that. I don't recall that ever
happening. Court trips as a freshman. Did you make
those trips? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. What
was it like? It was great fun. You know, four or five
of us, six of us, eight of us, a hundred of us,
however many we needed would chip in and get one
room and... And again, we'd have dates, and it was
just a lot of fun. Generally, as I recall, since my
grandparents lived in Texas, that would give me a
break to run up to Sherman. So I would just go up
there, sometimes just do the game, and then run up
to Sherman and spend the weekend up there. Because
most of the time, it seemed to me like I spent a good
deal of my time restricted, except for those kinds
of things. Did you ever hitchhike? Oh,
absolutely. In fact, I still have my bag. That's a
good question. I have a Samsonite little
overnight bag that's got Texas Aggies on it. Never
had any problems hitchhiking. Never even thought
about it. and until, you know, years later. And
everybody stuck by the rules. You didn't up, you
didn't try to, what was the slang word? where you
would try to not upstage, but instead of being at
the right place, you'd try to be upstream.
Upstream? No, I don't recall any of that. It seems
to me like you just walked out here, stuck your
thumb out. Everybody was helpful. Yeah,
everybody was helpful. It seems to me that, as I
recall, Generally, it was hitchhiking to go from
here to Galveston. You know, I remember my, Terry
Archer and I, his grandparents lived down in Texas
City, so we'd just go out here, and there weren't a
lot of folks going that direction, it didn't seem
like, and you'd just go out here and put your thumb
out, and pretty soon somebody would come along and
give you a ride down there. Alright, again, that
first fall, do you remember going to Silver Taps
the first time? Oh, yeah, that was, I do, and that,
and it still is, we've done it, in fact, as a battle
group commander, I got all the Aggies together on
Kitty Hawk, or yeah, it was Kitty Hawk, and we had a
muster, you know, right there on Kitty Hawk, which
I think was, they showed it in some magazines or
something, but yeah, that was really an
eye-opener to me, you know, and I still get tears in
my eyes when those kinds of things happen, because
you really see what people have done, and you think
about what they've done, and now, of course, as I As
I get the magazine, I see that, you know, my
classmates are starting to die and so forth. And,
you know, it causes you to reflect a little bit.
Bonfire. What did you do on Bonfire? Well, we, the F
word, the trees, you know, went out and it seemed to
me like the. About how long did y'all work on this?
Oh, goodness. It was a, it, I want to, I mean, it went
on forever, it seemed to me like. Of course, you
know, time is funny in those days. I don't remember
how many days it really took, but I can remember
going out and, And out on the weekend, I mean, it
felt like a military operation. We were all in our
fatigues and go out and we'd carry the logs out and
load them. and then come back and help them stack
and of course as a fish you're just a gopher you know
and then of course we had in those days we had
foxholes and stuff out around the perimeter and we
all had watches that we had to stand to make sure
that you know nobody came in there and it was it was a
military operation nobody ever tried to during
your no i don't recall anybody trying at least not
on not that i never heard i never heard of anybody
trying to come in and light it but But gosh, you
wouldn't want it to. And was this on Drillfield or
Duncan? No, it was over behind Duncan. It was over
behind Duncan. And I guess it seemed to me like
that's where they'd held them for years. I guess
about in the vicinity of the Bush Library, huh? No,
no, no, Bush Library is way over here. Oh, way over
here, okay. Well, it's over in that area. And were
there any accidents that you remember? Oh, you
know, people getting whacked by chainsaws and
dropping, but nothing serious, getting
splinters and that kind of stuff, but I don't
recall any. You know, and I really thought we had,
it looked to me like it was just a plan that had been
executed year after year after year and had been
handed down from Bubba to Bubba to Bubba, And of
course, I do recall that we wanted to build it
bigger than anybody else. But we didn't build it by
stack. We built it by how tall we could get the
center pole up. And so it was a little bit, you know,
and I want to say it was only two tiers in those days.
I think you're about right. And then we had this big
tall, and I can remember a toilet sitting up at the
top of it or something. And, but yeah, that was it.
That, I recall that as being really a lot of fun. And
it was hard work, but you're out in the woods, it was
crisp, and, you know, Everybody, you know, it
didn't matter who it was, freshman up through, you
know, through the seniors. Everybody was
involved, and we weren't getting yelled at a lot.
You know, it was really a neat operation, I
thought, very professionally done, as I recall.
All right, and you go home Christmas, and when do
you begin to feel... fairly sure you're not going
to go somewhere else when did you quit oh that i i
tell you what that happened uh that happened
pretty early on because uh i i still sort of thought
i was going to go to the naval academy and uh but uh
but i got down here and i just i liked what i saw i
wasn't happy with my grades that was kind of
bothering me a little bit i went home and that and
christmas didn't have a part in this my dad was
stationed off it and uh right before we left for
christmas vacation down here We were wearing the
pinks and greens, and we had a horrible rain.
Actually, it was at a football game, I guess it was.
I didn't realize how that worsted wool would
shrink, and that would be a sidelight to the
stories, but keep that in mind. But basically, we
put on our khakis and went out here, went up to
Sherman, got on a train, Terry Archer and I did, and
rode a train from Denison, Texas to Omaha,
Nebraska, just a couple of seats. And as a matter of
fact, there were some other kids on there from
North Texas, some of the girls that we went to high
school with in Bellevue. And then each year, of
course, I had my uniform, my pinks and greens with
me, because the officer's club always throws a
party for all the military schools. But, gosh, I
took mine out, put them on, and the daggum things
were up around my knees, and we tried to stretch
them. And I can remember having them way down low.
Of course, with the blouse on, you couldn't see
that they were low slung, you know, as long as you
didn't get down with the pockets. I finally
managed to get them down. But all my friends had
gone to the Air Force Academy, the Naval Academy,
West Point. They all showed up, and And it was, you
know, they kind of looked down their nose a little
bit at me. But I think once we told some stories,
that all changed. But I had no intentions after
that of ever leaving the system, the Texas A&M
system. All right. And then now, describe how you
shifted into the... Well, we had this friend of
mine by the name of Bob Hedeman, who is now a harbor
pilot up in Baltimore. And... Bob was in our
company and a really nice guy. And one day I was
talking about how I really wanted to get into the
Navy and all that. He says, well, you know, there's
a school starting up down in Galveston that's part
of the Texas A&M system. And it's got Navy ROTC in
it. I said, well, holy mackerel, that's what I want
to do. And it's on the ocean, and yeah, we've got a
training ship. In the summer of 65, it was going to
be the first time the ship went to sea, the Texas
Clipper. And it's a big passenger ship, and the
cadets will do all the work on it and navigate it and
operate it and all that. And I said, well, man, that
sounds really neat. And I can get a commission.
Yeah, you can get a commission. So I went down,
talked to the folks. And of course, you went here
the first year. Actually, I guess the first class
went here the first two years and then went down
there. So I changed my major the second semester.
And officially it was named Marine
Transportation. Well, officially it was named
the Texas Maritime Academy. No, no, but the major.
The major was Marine Transportation. Marine
Engineering and Marine Transportation were the
two degrees that you got. And so they took a look and
they said, well, you know, you've got to really do
some studying here because you've got to make up
some Spanish and there were some other courses
that they had, spherical trigonometry and things
that have to do with navigation that I hadn't
taken. But anyway, I got into it, and it really
sparked my interest, and all of a sudden my
academics went up. I guess the moral to the story is
when you really figure out what it is you want to do,
it just makes so much difference in the way you go
about your business. So we got into it, and then...
There was an application. It was just like
changing a major because it was part of the system.
And about when did you learn you'd been accepted?
It was fairly quick. It was one of those deals that
you kind of fall into. They were looking for folks.
So it wasn't hard to do that. They were looking for
people. Did any of your buddies, any of your outfit
buddies, give you a hard time? Yeah, it was not.
Some of them, I'm sure, thought it was, well, he's
going to be here for just a few months and then he's
going down to Galveston and we'll never see him
again. Well, that's not true because we... The
only thing we didn't do was reside in the same dorm,
even though it was distance apart. We probably saw
folks up here as much as a fellow does that lives in
another dorm, or if you live on the other side of the
school. We came up for all the march-ins. We wore
Navy uniforms. In fact, we even tried to figure out
a way to wear boots, you know, but it looked too
Gestapo-like, so we didn't do that with a blue
uniform. You finished the spring semester. And we
wore a little different. We wore a Texas Maritime
Academy patch, the same uniform, but the Texas
Maritime Academy patch on it. But you finished the
spring semester up here. Yes, sir. What did you do
that summer? Well, that summer we went to school.
We went down. We left here for about two weeks and
drew all of our Navy uniforms, which we had to get
tailored and all that, and then showed up down in
Galveston in June, early June. They had just
brought this ship called, it was the old
Excambium, and they'd brought it in from the
Boneyard and it was over in Todd's Shipyard in
Galveston but it was a mess. That ship was an
absolute mess. They'd put tar on the teak decks so
it was just this gooey stuff. They hadn't put
anything down to protect the decks so we were
trying to do that. The engines were a mess. I can
remember Bob Hederman and I then roomed together,
the fellow that introduced me to this thing, and we
had really a pretty nice stateroom on the ship but
no air conditioning, no flow of air whatsoever.
The toilets didn't work. The showers didn't work.
It was literally a mess. Of course, they're making
us wear whites and all this. Then they decided it
was too hot to stay on the ship, so they bussed us
over to Fort Crockett where the oceanography
folks live. We had half of that building down there
at Fort Crockett. They put army cots up on the
breezeway on the second deck there. That's where
we all started. How many were there in your...
There were probably, I want to say about 30 of us.
And it was like being a fish all over again because
now you really expect to come in and be an
upperclassman. Well, there wasn't any
underclassmen. The juniors and seniors were
just, you know, they had blood dripping from their
from their mouths to get hold of us, so we went right
back through another freshman year again,
push-ups, set-ups, and, you know, it was a
complete freshman year again, as far as I, not
quite as bad, but it was pretty interesting. They
gave us a hard time. And generally describe the
student body. They're all male? All male, all
folks interested in going to sea. Pretty well all
Texans? There were... I'd say 90% Texans. The
Fort, let me just kind of explain the campus a
little bit. The Fort Crockett was an old army post.
The San Luis Hotel actually used to not, was not
there and they had that gun emplacement out there.
And so they had these beautiful old buildings that
they built back in the 30s. And the school, you
walked right out and it was just a, it was a big grass
front area with a flag pole. And then you walk about
another 200 yards and you were on the beach. And it
was all, in those days in Galveston, there wasn't
much down there. Coast Guard was down that way, and
that was about it. And then stuff that was
associated with oceanography. The class size
was, I guess, all told, there were probably 100,
maybe 60 to 100, you know, coming and going. We had
some former military folks who were there on the GI
Bill that went through all the stuff that resided
at home. Some of them were married, which we found a
little bit strange. The building had been fixed up
really nice. The class size was just wonderful. I
mean, it was 10, 15 people in a class. I carried 21,
22 hours the whole time I was down there. And I never
felt, you know, like I couldn't handle it. And
then, of course, in the summer, you asked about,
once we got the ship fixed, you know, it took about
three fall starts to get her to sea that year. Now,
having commanded a couple of ships and looking
back on that experience, Boy, I'll tell you what,
we were lucky. We were lucky that we didn't have a
major, major conflagration on that ship. But we
got her to sea, went to Halifax, crossed the North
Atlantic, and got in some good storms up there. And
actually, we lost our power a couple of times and
made it over from Halifax over to, I can see we went
into Dublin, Ireland, and then down to
Bournemouth, England. into the Canary Islands
and then back through Bermuda and back into
Galveston. Now, you were hoping for a career in the
Navy. I wanted a career in the Navy. What about your
shipmates? Well, it kind of varied. Most of them
wanted to go to sea. And the Merchant Marines in
those days, we were really hurting for Merchant
Marine officers. And Vietnam was going on. They
had some 500 ships that weren't crewed enough to
even get out of port. So the unions were going
strong. Merchant Marines was going strong. The
money was phenomenal. I made more, my first year
out of school in 68, 69, I made about $50,000, which
was just amazing. Yeah, I paid more in taxes my
first year out of college than I made my first year
in the Navy, which really confused my wife a little
bit. So you finish your first year here. Go down
there. Summer. Ship out pretty well all summer?
All summer long. It was about a, I want to say 90 day.
Then come back there for the fall. A few days off and
did the fall semester. Then how often did you all
come back up here then? All the ball games. We
marched in at all the ball games. You came up on
buses? No, actually we came up individually as a
matter of fact. And by then, folks, you know, we
had, that's an interesting question. I think, and
there might have been a bus, but most of, you know,
we all had classmates that had cars, so it didn't,
transportation wasn't a problem. And
hitchhiked, we hitchhiked. What uniform did you
wear? We wore the Navy. We wore Navy blues or
whites, depending on what time of year it was.
Official Navy, not an A&M style. No, they were
official Navy. In fact, I wore them until I got
spatta. They didn't fit me. I wore them through
flight training. It was the same exact uniform as
the Navy wears. Was there an Aggie, College
Station Aggie nickname for you guys? What did they
call you? What the heck were we? Sea cadets.
That's a good question. It's in the annual. I just
can't remember what it is. I would think they must
have done something. They did, yeah. But we never
had any, we were always accepted. Where did you,
when you were up here for a football game, where did
you sleep? Motels. Oh, okay. And then we had some
upperclassmen that had come back up here for
courses or whatever. So there was ways to, that was
never an issue either. Sometimes we just came up
for the game and went home. I can remember doing
that. Back down in Galveston, did you all
transplant any A&M traditions? Oh, all of them.
Everything. We wore all that. We'd come up here for
silver taps and all that kind of stuff. But down
there, we wore all the same belt buckles. Even with
the Navy uniform, we wore a white belt. We did all
the traditional, as much as we could, wearing
those uniforms. So then after your sophomore
year, what do you do in the summer? I would go and
cruise again. Same thing, carried almost like 12
hours in summer school. But your job kind of
changes on the cruise, on the training ship.
Instead of being just like an able-bodied seaman
and chipping and painting and all that kind of
stuff, the second cruise you move up into standing
watches in the engine room and up on the bridge and
you start signaling, you start navigating. and
doing all that kind of stuff. So it was a nice flow.
And did you and your buddies think that you were
real Texas Aggies? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.
There was never any doubt about that. General
Rudder came down several times. We had our picture
made right out here. you know just like uh... just
like if you open the book you can't tell the
difference uh... who was the uh... the chief
executive officer of the maritime it was it was
bennett dotson captain bm dotson in those days and
then uh... uh... a uh... coast guard two star by the
name of craig came in describe dotson he was a uh...
We called him the old rattlesnake. He looked the
part of a naval officer. He was gray-headed and
just looked the part. A nice man, a wonderfully
nice man. Had this vision along with some other
folks down there and got it aligned with Texas A&M,
which was the smartest thing they ever did. And
then went to the state. The state had already
obligated some money to build a Texas maritime
school But they just hadn't done much about it.
And, of course, the Maritime Administration had
money that they could give from a government
source. And he orchestrated all that, did a great
job. Now, he, there were things that, you know, he
was in the Navy, ship handling in the Navy is, I'll
be blunt, I think it's terrible. And having done a
lot of ship handling, And I remember in, where was
it, in Halifax, or no, in Los Palmos and Canary
Islands, we started bringing the ship away from
the dock, and the gangplank still looked up. So,
you know, there were some of those. We dropped the
anchor in Bermuda, and everybody tried to tell him
that, you know, this isn't the place to anchor, and
the anchor went all the way to its bitter end, if you
will. So, you know, he had those kinds of things
that kind of gave him the name Old Rattlesnake. But
he was a heck of a nice man and really was a guy that
kind of put the whole thing together. What was it
like to be a college student in Galveston on the
island? Well, you know, we were working so hard. I
love Galveston. In fact, we have a house down there
that we share. We spend our time halfway between
Florida and Texas. We're both places. And
Galveston was a wonderful, just a wonderful place
to live. A lot of stuff going on and a lot of ships, a
lot of activities. And, of course, you're doing
what you want to do. And, you know, you've got a big
machinery you're dealing with and everything.
And it was a great place. And we weren't as remote.
In those days, Texas A&M was pretty remote, and
there weren't a whole lot of things to do. Down
there, there was always something to do. And it was
really a lot of fun. I would think that Galveston
would be a marvelous college. Oh, it was. It was
just a one. Of course, we'd do things like to get a
date. We'd go down to the nurse's dorm at the
University of Texas Medical Center down there,
and we'd just dial a bunch of room numbers, and then
we'd hide behind the couch, and when they'd come
down, we'd kind of call out the ones we wanted. I
mean, really some crazy things, but we had a good
time. We had a good time. Where were some wild
places in Galveston? Oh, that whole Strand area
down there was wild. There were a bunch of places
down there you could get in trouble. Was the
Balinese room still going there? The Balinese
room was still going on. In fact, we... Going on in
the sense that we had a couple of our, we call
ourselves the Cadet Corps down there, and we had a
couple of Corps parties in there, Christmas
parties and things. So it was going. Because once
upon a time that was. Gambling. Yeah. It wasn't
when I was down there. And, of course, the Flagship
Hotel was a place. It was always fun to go to the
Flagship Hotel and have a party because you'd get
in the elevator and, Of course, wearing a Navy
uniform, they'd look at you and think you're the
elevator operator and say, give me the fifth
floor, will you please? Those kinds of things went
on all the time. I remember Stuart Udall landed. We
graduated the class of 67 down there six months
early because of the necessity to get officers
into the Merchant Marines. Some of those guys had
to come back up here and finish class up to get their
diploma. But they graduated them early. So I was
very fortunate to be, I was picked as the Corps
Commander down there in January. So I think I had
that job longer than anybody. So I had it all
through that last part of my junior year and all of
my senior year. So it was kind of interesting.
Describe, what was it like to be the Commander?
Well, it was interesting. One of the first things
we did was get our code of conduct. more in line with
what they have here at Texas A&M at the main campus
because I thought we ought to be closer aligned. I
had a great staff that Cecil Eubanks and others
that worked on that. We also took a good hard look at
the hazing part. I just in my heart of hearts, and I
could do it because I'd been hazed pretty heavily,
I just didn't see what that brought to the
equation. I felt there were other ways to stress
people and not beat them. You know, I just didn't
think that was a thing one person ought to do to
another. So we knocked all that stuff out. We still
did pushups and setups and that kind of stuff, but
we knocked all that. We put our emphasis on
appearance and uniforms and academics and I think
that was probably about the right thing to do. And
you reported to whom? I reported to the executive
officer, a fellow by the name of Philbrick, who's
retired and lives down in Corpus Christi. And he
was really a nice man. He'd been at the Maine
Maritime Academy and came down. And, you know, he
allowed us to carry on our Texas A&M. He didn't
understand them all, but he allowed us to carry
most of our conditions on. When did you acquire
your nickname? That was done in combat in Vietnam
after I went to flight training. I think everybody
called me Pick in those days, pretty much.
Curiosity, I have a sidelined interest in how
names develop. What does Pick-A-Vance mean to
you? We've never traced it too far because we think
there might be some questionable lineage there,
but that aside, we think it goes back to the Norman
invasion. and you know back as you knowing names
the second names are in those days were
non-existent and when they started having second
names it became a pretty much what you did we think
that it comes from picks advance from the from the
picks from the invasion and the interesting thing
is there's two spellings my name is
p-i-c-k-a-v-a-n-c-e which is the protestant
spelling or so it seems to be The Catholic spelling
is P-I-C-K-V-A-N-C-E. So my name in English is
pronounced Pickovance, and the Catholic version
is Pickvance.
And did you and your buddies did feel like you were
Aggies? Absolutely. There was never any doubt. As
a matter of fact, we received our commission and
our license in Galveston, and we came up here and
graduated right out of the gym, just like
everybody else. Every summer you went on a big
cruise. Right. And it was all summer? It wasn't
just six weeks? Oh, no, it was – well, it was – I want
to say it was like 90 days, something like that, 80
to 90 days. And you began to feel sure of your career
goal? No doubt, no doubt. It stayed. When I got my
commission, I had to ship out because we just
didn't have enough. So when I got my license and my
commission, now the license exam is, you know,
that takes a week and about eight hours a day. It's a
really tough exam. And again because of the
standards that existed with this university that
carried over to Galveston because we were held
accountable down there for our grades. I mean all
of our you know, all my, everything was like, it was
just as if I was going to school up here, but in a
different major. There was distance involved,
but that's it. And I sort of think that's what we've
done with some of these other schools that are part
of the Texas A&M University system. I don't, and of
course, Galveston. I think it's all, I don't note
any difference. And so, no, we felt like we were
part of it, and it was... You know, we were proud to
wear our rings. Just like, in fact, last night
there were two youngsters sitting there that I
didn't recognize, my friends, because nobody
else had done it up until Randy House got up there.
And I feel very bad that I didn't now because those
two twins sitting there just put their rings on
yesterday. And I probably should have mentioned
that, but it didn't seem appropriate for what we
were doing, so I didn't. Those two boys had been in
the Navy and were now down there going to school
with their dad. In fact, Carl, the fellow with the
beard, is a retired captain of the Merchant
Marines and he's teaching down there now. Your
ring, do you remember how much it cost? $60.
Where'd you get that? My mother paid for it. How did
you feel when you put it on? Oh, it was a, it was, I
can't, I haven't seen, I had a, by then my grades had
gotten, I was up, I was an distinguished student
and all that kind of stuff, and I was up, I think, in
the 10%, top 10% or 1% or whatever they, whatever it
is, whatever, wherever you have to be to be noted in
the Dallas Morning News, because my mother saw my
name there. But I can remember driving that,
driving that Mustang with my hand on the mirror so
everybody could see my ring. Do you have any good
ring stories since then? Well, oh, gosh. You know,
Aggies,
I look at everybody's ring to see where they're
from. Now, occasionally I'll get a Citadel or a VMI
ring, but there's such a connection there, as you
well know from our beginnings, and, of course,
they don't have a stone in their ring either.